service I'm sorry but you cannot stay at this hotel well not this hotel is the
property of the British royal family and the air has said he does not welcome you
they're not about hotels in this city all hotels in this city a property of the
British royal family as long as they wish to do business here they will not
accommodate you to your honeymoon when they become a wandering journey what
we're supposed to do we can't just sleep on the street
how long anyone is running because of you everyone be bored get off do you know
who is this hotel whoever they are they've really helped me oh and here's your
guide fee would you like me to company you tomorrow I can't I have to head back
to England tomorrow for what it's fine I understand
I should go home put to the park my first a tomorrow